Edit duplicate section (#298)
AY2324S1-CS2103T-T17-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

_Seeking an internship but worried about double-applying? 
Our duplicate detection swiftly ensures you never submit the same application twice!_

> LinkMeIn's duplicate check works for both the `add` and `edit` commands. If you attempt to **add** or **edit** an application,
> creating a duplicate entry with the same **company name**, **role**, and **deadline** as an existing application in LinkMeIn, an error message will be displayed in the command box, notifying you of the company name, role and deadline of the duplicate company.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LinkMeIn's duplicate check works for both the `add` and `edit` commands. If you attempt to **add** or **edit** an application, you might accidentally create a duplicate entry with the same **company name**, **role**, and **deadline** as an existing company in LinkMeIn. An error message will be displayed in the Message Box, informing you of the **company name**, **role** and **deadline** of that duplicate company.
```

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">
**:information_source: Note:**<br>
* LinkMeIn's duplicate check is case-insensitive. e.g. `tiktok` is the same as `TikTok`.
</div>

**Example 1:**

> Suppose you attempt to add a company with the same company and recruiter information, you will be notified of the duplicate company as seen below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose you attempt to add a company with the **exact same company and recruiter information** as an existing entry in LinkMeIn, you will be notified of the duplicate company, as seen below. 
```

![img.png](images/duplicate-detection/add-command/duplicate-exact-match.png)

**Example 2:**

> If you attempt to add a company with the same company name and role, but different recruiter information, you will be notified of the duplicate company similar to example 1.
> However, you will be prompted to edit the field that is different from the existing company in LinkMeIn as LinkMeIn acknowledges that you may have accidentally used the add command instead of the edit command.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you attempt to add a company with the **same company name, role and deadline**, but different recruiter information, you will be see an error message similar to that in Example 1. However, in this case, LinkMeIn will also prompt you to edit the parameter that differs from the duplicate company, recognizing that you may have accidentally used the `add` command instead of the `edit` command.
```

![img.png](images/duplicate-detection/add-command/duplicate-partial-match.png)

**Example 3:**
LinkMeIn's duplicate check does not stop with adding entries. If you attempt to **edit** an application, creating a 

> duplicate entry with the same company name, role, and deadline as an existing application in LinkMeIn, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
duplicate entry with the **same company name, role, and deadline** as an existing application in LinkMeIn, 
```

> an error message will be displayed in the command box, notifying you of the duplicate company as seen below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an error message will be displayed in the Message Box, notifying you of the duplicate company as seen below. 
```

_Seeking an internship but worried about double-applying? 
Our duplicate detection swiftly ensures you never submit the same application twice!_

> LinkMeIn's duplicate check works for both the `add` and `edit` commands. If you attempt to **add** or **edit** an application, you might accidentally create a duplicate entry with the same **company name**, **role**, and **deadline** as an existing company in LinkMeIn. An error message will be displayed in the Message Box, informing you of the **company name**, **role** and **deadline** of that duplicate company.

Reviewer: actually is this section very repetitive with the examples below?
